E. REFERENCES
==============

.. automodule:: E.References
  :members:
  :undoc-members:
  :show-inheritance:



..


Bhave, P.R. 1991. *Analysis of Flow in Water Distribution Networks*.
Technomic Publishing. Lancaster, PA.

Clark, R.M. 1998. “Chlorine demand and Trihalomethane formation
kinetics: a second-order model”, *Jour. Env. Eng*., Vol. 124, No. 1,
pp. 16-24.

Dunlop, E.J. 1991. *WADI Users Manual*. Local Government Computer
Services Board, Dublin, Ireland.

George, A. & Liu, J. W-H. 1981. *Computer Solution of Large Sparse
Positive Definite Systems*. Prentice-Hall, Englewood Cliffs, NJ.

Hamam, Y.M, & Brameller, A. 1971. "Hybrid method for the solution of
piping networks", *Proc. IEE*, Vol. 113, No. 11, pp. 1607-1612.

Koechling, M.T. 1998. *Assessment and Modeling of Chlorine Reactions
with Natural Organic Matter: Impact of Source Water Quality and
Reaction Conditions*, Ph.D. Thesis, Department of Civil and
Environmental Engineering, University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati,
Ohio.

Liou, C.P. and Kroon, J.R. 1987. “Modeling the propagation of
waterborne substances in distribution networks”, *J. AWWA*, 79(11),
54-58.

Notter, R.H. and Sleicher, C.A. 1971. “The eddy diffusivity in the
turbulent boundary layer near a wall”, *Chem. Eng. Sci.,* Vol. 26,
pp. 161-171.

Osiadacz, A.J. 1987. *Simulation and Analysis of Gas Networks*. E. &
F.N. Spon, London.

Rossman, L.A., Boulos, P.F., and Altman, T. (1993). “Discrete
volume-element method for network water-quality models”, *J. Water
Resour. Plng. and Mgmt*,, Vol. 119, No. 5, 505-517.

Rossman, L.A., Clark, R.M., and Grayman, W.M. (1994). “Modeling
chlorine residuals in drinking-water distribution systems”, *Jour.
Env. Eng*., Vol. 120, No. 4, 803-820.

Rossman, L.A. and Boulos, P.F. (1996). “Numerical methods for
modeling water quality in distribution systems: A comparison”, *J.
Water Resour. Plng. and Mgmt*, Vol. 122, No. 2, 137-146.

Rossman, L.A. and Grayman, W.M. 1999. “Scale-model studies of mixing
in drinking water storage tanks”, *Jour. Env. Eng*., Vol. 125, No. 8,
pp. 755-761.

Salgado, R., Todini, E., & O'Connell, P.E. 1988. "Extending the
gradient method to include pressure regulating valves in pipe
networks". *Proc. Inter. Symposium on Computer Modeling of Water
Distribution Systems*, University of Kentucky, May 12-13.

Todini, E. & Pilati, S. 1987. "A gradient method for the analysis of
pipe networks". *International Conference on Computer Applications
for Water Supply and Distribution*, Leicester Polytechnic, UK,
September 8-10.
